guess who's coming Austin tomorrow what
am i doing you're gonna this is accident
don't you showing up in Austin what's
that show you're gonna do that in front
of hundreds of people yeah they can't
have this because people always want
what they can't have so much afraid a
lot of progress these past six months
you were gonna call her you weren't up
in a texture you are not here do you
understand me close the window home
she's moving on Stan you should go and
do the same thing this isn't college
anymore
I cannot see him tonight I'm not ready
you got a short window buddy you need to
lay some track
came all the way to Boston just creepy
half romantic the old stab
there's a shame that you flew all the
way to Texas to stalk and girls on any
one of you start your stalker
okay me or see me even is this as I see
you've taken up photography what did you
think
Python that's it
this is good this is good
that was your head I think no I've got
her
you